In this lecture I will show you how to build a Maven project and in the process you will see that our
tests are automatically run for us.
So right click on Hello J-Unit five do a run as maven clean expand this console.
So maven will delete everything under the target directory right here which it uses to build our project.
So everything is copied here and our classes are compiled and the jar is built under the target directory.
Right click do a
Run as maven.
Install is the maven goal or command that's going to compile our classes run our tests and even prepare
a jar file so it's compiling the source code.
It is running the tests right now as you can see here.
All our test passed successfully only the test pass it will automatically build our project and the
jar files under the target directory.
So we have no issues with our tests all the tests are passing and the build is successful.
So you have successfully used J-Unit 5 in your project.
If you go to the target directory right click do a refresh you will find all the artifacts are copied
by maven
And the final jar file is generated and you can even see the sure fire reports which our unit test case
reports.
If you open them up.